bpo-47120: make POP_JUMP_IF_NONE/NOT_NONE relative (#32359)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-04-06-22-50-31.bpo-47120.mbfHs5.rst

> Make :opcode:`POP_JUMP_IF_TRUE` and :opcode:`POP_JUMP_IF_FALSE` virtual, mapping to new relative jump opcodes.

Author: ```suggestion
Make :opcode:`POP_JUMP_IF_NONE` and :opcode:`POP_JUMP_IF_NOT_NONE` virtual, mapping to new relative jump opcodes.
```
